docs: outline go support policy (#2839)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-operator: support.md

Reviewer: Can we rename this to `SUPPORT.md` to align with other files?

Reviewer 2: It's aligned with `api.md`. I don't think there's a way to rename that?

# Support

## Go

> When productised as a go libary or custom distribution the OpenTelemetry Operator project attempts to follow the supported go versions as [defined by the Go team](https://go.dev/doc/devel/release#policy).

Reviewer 2: How about:

```suggestion
When used as a Go libary or custom distribution, the OpenTelemetry Operator project supports at minimum all the Go versions [supported by the Go team](https://go.dev/doc/devel/release#policy) at any given time.
```

"productised" is a strange word to use in this context imo.

### OpenTelemetry Operator vs. Kubernetes vs. Cert Manager

We strive to be compatible with the widest range of Kubernetes versions as possible, but some changes to Kubernetes itself require us to break compatibility with older Kubernetes versions, be it because of code incompatibilities, or in the name of maintainability. Every released operator will support a specific range of Kubernetes versions, to be determined at the latest during the release.

We use `cert-manager` for some features of this operator and the third column shows the versions of the `cert-manager` that are known to work with this operator's versions.

The OpenTelemetry Operator _might_ work on versions outside of the given range, but when opening new issues, please make sure to test your scenario on a supported version.

| OpenTelemetry Operator | Kubernetes     | Cert-Manager |
| ---------------------- | -------------- | ------------ |

> | v0.97.0                | v1.23 to v1.29 | v1           |

Reviewer: This needs to be updated
